# FastCash-Trivia
        The program was created, designed and coded by inspiration of the American show fast cash. It begins, with the introduction of a player. Then it state the rules for the game. It then ask the user about the choice for knowledge and sports section.  The user selects the categories, and the timer begins. For each question gets right, the user gets $2000 and if it is wrong at any time, it displays the amount of money that user deserves and quit the game. There are several different command statements such as if loops, scanner input, calendar function, timer function, and classes have been used to ensure that the program run successfully and there are no problems during debugging.
 
        The packages were import for different functions such as calendar function. The variables were declared that were used during the program for multiple times. The scanner input ask the user a name. Rules were stated. Using, timer fiction, timer begins. The program fast cash ask the user to select one of the choice form two. Two loops were created depending on the input. In this program, only category general knowledge would be discussed. Calendar function was called and time begins in mille seconds. The question was asked and after that it compares the time to the time that is written in the beginning that tells when do stop the game. If the difference is more than the time took the user to finish that, it will state quiz over. But if the. Answer matches, it will increase the counter and state it. And same thing was performed during all the question, In this program , time was a very effective tool and keeping in mind that time does not stop so many debugging were performed to make sure that there is no problem and it count the exactly x amount of seconds. In the end, timer was cancelled and message was prompt, with congrats and how much money, the player won it. As soon as the message displayed, timer was stopped and shows how much times it takes. 

